# Minutes for meeting 7 (03/03/2023)
Time: Friday tutorial (12:15) <br>
Location: CB 4.1

<details><summary>Attendance</summary><p>
  
  - Alexander Agafonov	
  - Thomas Canning	
  - Artiom Casian	
  - ~Arthur	Chen~
  - Alex Clarke
  - Harry Crane

</p></details>

<details><summary>Sprint retrospective</summary><p>
  
    The first sprint has been slow because the focus has been on the development of the GUI. This is due to 5/6 of the group being unfamiliar with the Java Swing GUI library, 
    The Login and email validation is complete. Unit tests for these functions have not been created however, and this task has been moved to the second sprint.
    The Backend has been created in Rust with storage of different types of data for the user login info being implemented, it has not yet been linked to the front end due to unfamiliarity with Java http requests, and this task has been moved to the second sprint.
  The majority of the tasks in this sprint have been focused on initially setting up the GUI. A login and signup GUI system has been created. This is likely finalised however there is space to add additional fields to collect more information about users if requirements change.
  Additionally, a menu page has been created for the GUI, allowing the user to switch between the sleep, food and exercise pages. The functionality for changing between these pages has also been implemented. However, the buttons for switiching between panels were planned to be placed on a pullout menu, but this task has been moved to the 2nd sprint. The sleep page has been worked on with 2 fields created to enter sleep information, and a functional back button has also been added to go back to the menu. The Food page is also being worked on. <br>

    In the next sprint things should go more smoothly and faster as familiarity with the GUI has increased and 
    the backend can start to be linked to the frontend. The menu, food and sleep pages will also be finalised.

    WWW:
    Backend complete
    Login validation complete
    EBI:
    GUI pages completed faster
    


  
# Sprint standup <br>
- Alex A - Continuing work on sleep section, Created display for sleep, working on back button
- Alex C - Continuing work on food section, Working on button panels and inputs
- Artiom - Finished work on Email and login verification / validation, Creating Unit tests
- Thomas - Worked on menu GUI, created functionality for switching pages in the program
- Harry - Implementing storage of different data e.g. weight into the backend.
  
</p></details>



