# Minutes for meeting 3 (17/02/2023)
Time: During Friday tutorial (12:15) <br>
Location: CB 4.1

<details><summary>Attendance</summary><p>
  
  - Alexander Agafonov	
  - Thomas Canning	
  - Artiom	Casian	
  - ~Arthur	Chen~
  - Alex	Clarke	
  - Harry Crane

</p></details>

<details><summary>Topics of discussion and notes</summary><p>
  
  - Which Java library are we going to use for our frontend. <br>

  - Begin to gather requirements for program and think about the 1st sprint. <br>

  - Continue to work out what else needs to be done to get the marks for problem analysis section. <br>
  
  - Discuss questionnaire results if any have been collected <br>
  
  - Work out when next meeting will be and what should be done before then.
  
*Notes:*
  - ...
  -
  
</p></details>

