# Minutes for meeting 14 (24/04/2023)
Time: Friday tutorial (12:15) <br>
Location: CB 4.1

<details><summary>Attendance</summary><p>
  
  - Alexander Agafonov	
  - Thomas Canning	
  - Artiom Casian	
  - ~Arthur	Chen~
  - Alex Clarke
  - Harry Crane

</p></details>

# Sprint retrospective for sprint 3

We now have completed programming for our project. We have met every requirement needed for the coursework. The last week has involved finsihing adding
charts to every section in the program so stored data can be reviewed and compared. We have also connected more of the backend. This sprint went the best
compared to all the prior sprints, as by this point we are much more familiar with the swing GUI library. 
<br>
What went well?<br>
We are now at a stage where programming is complete, and we can now focus on the report. We have produced a final product that meets all the initial requirements,
and has also grown from the initial requirements as new requirements have developed along the way.
<br>
What could have been improved<br>
The workload was less evenly distributed in this sprint, with the majority of the coding for this sprint on the front end being done by Thomas, and all the code for the backend and connecting
the backend to the front end being done by Harry. What could have been improved in this sprint is allocating the task of connecting the front end to the backend to someone else, in order to split work
up better so we could have progressed through this sprint faster.




