# Reference 5. Personal Informatics in Practice

Describes a plan for an approaching workshop to talk about Personal Informatics software.

## Key Relevant Takeaways:
  - ...

## Summary of report:

<details><summary>View Summary</summary>

### Approach
- The workshop will continue the discussion on the different issues with personal informatics software, using the stages of personal informatics systems as a guide.
 
### Workshop Goals and Themes
- The workshop will try to explore human-computer interaction in personal informatics,to study the benefits of personal informatics in daily life and develop related technologies.
### Topics of Interest
- New and current personal informatics applications
and systems on desktop, web-based and mobile
platforms.
- Sensor and life-logging technologies that monitor
various personal behavioral information.
- Effective feedback techniques that help users
become more aware of their own behaviors, such
as visualizations, virtual agents, and persuasive
technologies.
- Effects of self-understanding and self-awareness on
behaviors and daily life.
- Methods of conducting long-term studies to
determine effects of personal informatics on user
behavior in various domains.
- Studies of personal informatics systems in the wild
(either research prototypes or commercial systems
such as Fitbit or Zeo).
### Participants & Expected Community Interest
  The workshop invites technologists working on topics related to personal informatics to participate and share their expertise and to explore the challenges and opportunities in the field of human-computer interaction. 
  </details>
